ctf/monthly/README.md, before:

---
description: CryptoCat's capture the flag challenge writeups, solve scripts and video walkthroughs 💜
---

## YesWeHack Dojo

-   [09-25: Chainfection](ywh/0925/chainfection.md)
-   [08-25: Hardware Monitor](ywh/0825/hardware_monitor.md)
-   [07-25: CCTV Manager](ywh/0725/cctv_manager.md)
-   [06-25: Hex Color Palette](ywh/0625/hex_color_palette.md)

## Intigriti

-   [04-25: HackDonalds](intigriti/0425/hackdonalds.md)
-   [08-24: Safe Notes](intigriti/0824/safenotes.md)
-   [01-24: Repo Woes](intigriti/0124/repo_woes.md)
-   [04-23: We Like To Sell Bricks](intigriti/0423/we_like_to_sell_bricks.md)

## CryptoCat's Challenges

These are "monthly" (plz don't ask when is the next one 🥲) challenges that I host myself (excluding challs I make for other CTFs/companies). You can join my [discord server](https://discord.cryptocat.me) for more info 💜

-   [10-25: Ultimate Calculator 3000](cryptocat/1025/ultimate_calculator.md)
-   [12-24: Summar-AI-ze](cryptocat/1224/summaraize.md)

Commit message:

Added writeup for my Mother Prints challenge (hackinghub.io) - stay tuned for the video walkthrough next week!

ctf/monthly/README.md, after:

---
description: CryptoCat's capture the flag challenge writeups, solve scripts and video walkthroughs 💜
---

## YesWeHack Dojo

-   [09-25: Chainfection](ywh/0925/chainfection.md)
-   [08-25: Hardware Monitor](ywh/0825/hardware_monitor.md)
-   [07-25: CCTV Manager](ywh/0725/cctv_manager.md)
-   [06-25: Hex Color Palette](ywh/0625/hex_color_palette.md)

## Intigriti

-   [04-25: HackDonalds](intigriti/0425/hackdonalds.md)
-   [08-24: Safe Notes](intigriti/0824/safenotes.md)
-   [01-24: Repo Woes](intigriti/0124/repo_woes.md)
-   [04-23: We Like To Sell Bricks](intigriti/0423/we_like_to_sell_bricks.md)

## CryptoCat's Challenges

These are "monthly" (plz don't ask when is the next one 🥲) challenges that I host myself, or release on third-party platforms. You can join my [discord server](https://discord.cryptocat.me) for more info 💜

-   [11-25: Mother Printers](cryptocat/1125/mother_printers.md)
-   [10-25: Ultimate Calculator 3000](cryptocat/1025/ultimate_calculator.md)
-   [12-24: Summar-AI-ze](cryptocat/1224/summaraize.md)
